It's okay. It's okay.
How is he?
It's just a fainting caused by going to the market first
Dozens to be delivered first
It's okay. What about the kid?
Is the child okay?
The child itself is a little unstable
This time, I'm too temperamental.
Although it is said to be saved
But it will also take good care of the body.
There can be no more accidents.
Ok, thank you, master.
Master is fine
Do you want to get out of bed
Did you take me to the hospital?
What do you want?
Are you hungry, thirsty or
Think about going to the toilet.
Then you
Wanna go home?
Forget it, he doesn't understand
I'll take you back
check monitoring
Still, I brought Jiangnan back to you.
Who did the doctor say?
Are you familiar with Gangnam?
It was Siyang who saved me
Oh.
He saved your life.
Do I have to give him a pennant?
Jian Chen will be claustrophobic in the future
You shouldn't have put him in the marriage insurance
You feel sorry for him
Oh, you feel sorry for him, do you know that he has
Jiangnan just came back from the hospital
Today I hope you know what to do